[book] Write Concepts section (#114)
zcash/halo2: book/src/concepts/cores.md

# Cores

> The above is a fairly low-level description of a circuit. When implementing circuits we will

Author: ```suggestion
The previous section gives a fairly low-level description of a circuit. When implementing circuits we will
```

this an ***offset reference*** when the offset is nonzero (i.e. offset references are a subset
of relative references).

Relative references contrast with ***absolute references*** used in equality constraints,
which can point to any cell.

The motivation for offset references is to reduce the number of columns needed in the
configuration, which reduces proof size. If we did not have offset references then we would
need a column to hold each value referred to by a custom gate, and we would need to use
equality constraints to copy values from other cells of the circuit into that column. With
offset references, we not only need fewer columns; we also do not need equality constraints to
be supported for all of those columns, which improves efficiency.

In R1CS (which may be more familiar to some readers, but don't worry if it isn't), a circuit
consists of a "sea of gates" with no semantically significant ordering. Because of offset
references, the order of rows in a UPA circuit, on the other hand, *is* significant. We're
going to make some simplifying assumptions and define some abstractions to tame the resulting

> complexity: the aim will be that, [at the gadget level](#Gadgets) where we do most of our

Author: ```suggestion
complexity: the aim will be that, [at the gadget level](gadgets.md) where we do most of our
```
